enhancement: add support for extra query matchers in loki.rules.kubernetes (#3373)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.rules.kubernetes.md

| Block                                                              | Description                                                | Required |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |

> | [`authorization`][authorization]                                   | Configure generic authorization to the endpoint.                      | no       |
> | [`basic_auth`][basic_auth]                                         | Configure `basic_auth` for authenticating to the endpoint.                      | no       |
> | [`extra_query_matchers`][extra_query_matchers]                     | Additional label matchers to add to each query.                         | no       |
> | `extra_query_matchers` > [`matcher`][matcher]                      | A label matcher to add to query.                         | no       |
> | [`rule_namespace_selector`][label_selector]                        | Label selector for `Namespace` resources.                     | no       |
> | `rule_namespace_selector` > [`match_expression`][match_expression] | Label match expression for `Namespace` resources.                     | no       |
> | [`rule_selector`][label_selector]                                  | Label selector for `PrometheusRule` resources.                     | no       |
> | `rule_selector` > [`match_expression`][match_expression]           | Label match expression for `PrometheusRule` resources.                     | no       |
> | [`oauth2`][oauth2]                                                 | Configure OAuth 2.0 for authenticating to the endpoint.                      | no       |
> | `oauth2` > [`tls_config`][tls_config]                              | Configure TLS settings for connecting to the endpoint.                      | no       |
> | [`tls_config`][tls_config]                                         | Configure TLS settings for connecting to the endpoint.                      | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`authorization`][authorization]                                   | Configure generic authorization to the endpoint.           | no |
| [`basic_auth`][basic_auth]                                         | Configure `basic_auth` for authenticating to the endpoint. | no |
| [`extra_query_matchers`][extra_query_matchers]                     | Additional label matchers to add to each query.            | no |
| `extra_query_matchers` > [`matcher`][matcher]                      | A label matcher to add to each query.                      | no |
| [`rule_namespace_selector`][label_selector]                        | Label selector for `Namespace` resources.                  | no |
| `rule_namespace_selector` > [`match_expression`][match_expression] | Label match expression for `Namespace` resources.          | no |
| [`rule_selector`][label_selector]                                  | Label selector for `PrometheusRule` resources.             | no |
| `rule_selector` > [`match_expression`][match_expression]           | Label match expression for `PrometheusRule` resources.     | no |
| [`oauth2`][oauth2]                                                 | Configure OAuth 2.0 for authenticating to the endpoint.    | no |
| `oauth2` > [`tls_config`][tls_config]                              | Configure TLS settings for connecting to the endpoint.     | no |
| [`tls_config`][tls_config]                                         | Configure TLS settings for connecting to the endpoint.     | no |
```

A column format tidy, and added a missing word on line 85..

{{< docs/shared lookup="reference/components/basic-auth-block.md" source="alloy" version="<ALLOY_VERSION>" >}}

### `extra_query_matchers`

The `extra_query_matchers` block has no attributes.
It contains zero or more [matcher][] blocks.

> These blocks allow you to add extra label matchers to all queries that are discovered by `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These blocks allow you to add extra label matchers to all queries that are discovered by the `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component.
```

Author: ```suggestion
These blocks allow you to add extra label matchers to all queries that are discovered by the `loki.rules.kubernetes` component.
```

> The algorithm of adding the label matchers to queries is the same as the one provided by the [`promtool promql label-matchers set` command](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/command-line/promtool/#promtool-promql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm for adding the label matchers to queries is the same as the one used by the [`promtool promql label-matchers set` command](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/command-line/promtool/#promtool-promql).
```

Changed provided to used.  I'm not sure if this is still correct though. Does it use the same algorithm as the promtool command? Or is it using the command provided by the promtool command. The way it's worded it looks like us **uses** the same algorithm.

Author: You right, i'm sorry I dumbly copied this from the mimir.rules.kubernetes component documentation. The algorithm is inspired by this one but it is replacing the promql parser syntax with the logql parser

> The algorithm for adding the label matchers to queries is the same as the one used by the [`promtool promql label-matchers set` command](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/command-line/promtool/#promtool-promql).

Author: @clayton-cornell what do you think about this to clarify?

> The algorithm for adding the label matchers to queries is the same as the one used by the [`promtool promql label-matchers set` command](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/command-line/promtool/#promtool-promql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm for adding the label matchers to queries is the same as the one used by the [`promtool promql label-matchers set` command](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/command-line/promtool/#promtool-promql). It's adapted to work with the LogQL parser.
```

`It was` is passive... we can make a small change to make it more active.  Otherwise.. it's fine :-)

### `matcher`

The `matcher` block describes a label matcher that's added to each query found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs.

The following arguments are supported:

> | Name         | Type     | Description                                         | Default | Required |
> | ------------ | -------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
> | `match_type` | `string` | The type of match. One of `=`, `!=`, `=~` and `!~`. |         | yes      |
> | `name`       | `string` | Name of the label to match.                         |         | yes      |
> | `value`      | `string` | Value of the label to match.                        |         | yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name         | Type     | Description                                        | Default | Required |
| ------------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `match_type` | `string` | The type of match. One of `=`, `!=`, `=~` or `!~`. |         | yes      |
| `name`       | `string` | Name of the label to match.                        |         | yes      |
| `value`      | `string` | Value of the label to match.                       |         | yes      |
```
